hello everybody so this is just my
little quick review on the Maybelline
Baby Lips now as soon as I saw this
packaging in the store I had to have
them and I'm not one to like put
chapstick and stuff on my lips I'm more
of a lip gloss kind of girl or a
lipstick something that's really
pigmented but lately in California it's
been really really dry and I've been
reaching for the Vaseline so I figure
why not reach for one of these and
you'll get a little color payoff on
somente now I'm two of these they're
just clear ones peppermint and I believe
this is no this is just quenched so this
is just a clear lip balm no color and it
really does quench your lips that's the
crazy part like you know how sometimes
they claim to and you put it on and you
still have flaky lips and stuff well
these actually really work and they
retail for 399 each if you can get them
at Walmart Walgreens CVS Target and
probably any other drugstore by your
house I actually picked these up at CVS
and they were on self 319 each but
regularly they're four dollars each
still a great price and you see how much
product you get you get a lot of product
so this is the pink one and this is
actually my favorite out of all of them
like I would just repurchase this one
personally because of the color payoff
there's no color payoff well I haven't
opened this one yet to this cherry and I
don't like cherry so I'm giving this to
my friend but um this is a slight red it
looks like you just drink kool-aid
basically and your lip and your lips are
a little stained these two are both
clear this one's peppermint and it
smells really good this is my favorite
smell the peppermint one but it's clear
so it's just a lip balm it's like a
glorified chapstick pretty much
packaging is so cute
right I love the packaging and the pink
is my favorite I actually swatched it to
show you let me see if I can get better
lighting yeah so it's pretty pigmented
and if you build it up to put like three
layers on my friend thought I had like a
hot pink lipstick on and I'm like no I
have this because I
showed her when went to the store but I
bought this and she ended up buying it
because her lips were dry and she's like
I need something just anything and she
say wait this is the coat you have in
your lips I'm like yeah see if you put
it on what she's like how did you get it
so pigmented I'm like I have it on like
three or four times so if you just put
it on like layer it it's like it's a
bubblegum pink it's a Barbie pink so
that's the only color that has a good
payoff
now there's this peach one I think it's
called peace let me see
peach kiss and peach kiss to me tastings
or smells exactly like peach or apricot
baby food and I really love that scent
so I loved it and it's a top swatch I
don't know if you could see see like
that faint little orange e above the
pink very like I tried to build it up it
built up a little bit like you see kind
of like a orange e shimmer which is
really pretty but not so much okay and I
love these by the way they have of SPF
20 in it great for the beach or outdoors
and what else let me see I have some
paperwork on these two it even came at
paperwork renew slips to their natural
condition in four weeks combines eight
hours of hydration clinically proven to
comfort and relief stressed dry skin and
as you know 399 yeah yeah I said all
that so basically here's all the ones
right here the only one I don't have is
the last one which is no the fourth one
which is a great one so yeah these are
awesome and I recommend you trying one
and if you like pink I really really
recommend the fruit punch one because
there's like you can build it up and
it's great coverage and the only
negative that I didn't like about these
it's like after half an hour you kind of
taste the SPF like dripping into your
mouth like almost like you're at the
beach and you know how you get a little
bit in your mouth that smell or taste
but aside from that I think these are
awesome and I know everyone's talking
about these versus the Revlon butters
well the butters to me is it's just a
lipstick a moisturizing lipstick which I
don't really have problems with
my lipsticks being dry but yeah I really
love these peach oh the lawnmower
starting so I'm gonna go now um so yeah
pick up the pink one if you guys like
the pink one okay bye guys